Sometimes I try to find a solution so that I don’t have to be sad. But with deep thinking I get to know without sadness the recipe of life is incomplete.
To give a taste to the recipe, I need to put all the emotions in the plate of life.
Sadness is a natural part of life as happiness is. As human I will have to taste every flavour of life whether I like it or not. And if anyone tries to escape from any flavour, he will not be rewarded with his favourite one happiness.
If sadness would not be good, then why I go to watch emotional movies. These movies don’t give me any smile or laughter rather they make my eyes wet.
I like it because I enjoy being the part of character’s sadness. It means I like being sad and wanna feel this emotion too. And so do you all.
I listen to songs which make me cry and I love to indulge into the emotions of the song. Does that mean I love crying? Absolutely I do. Because sometimes I need tears more than the flattering lips.
I know, happiness is a dominant emotion which always attracts us towards it and our primary focus of all doing is to get this. But is it right to let this emotion suppress others?
The energy put in suppressing the emotions bounce back with the equal reaction. The sorrow I try to escape from will come back and hurt me more.
As what Newton said “for every action there is an equal and opposite reaction”.
According to psychology suppressing our emotions consciously and deliberately in times when there is no trauma can lead to damaging effects on our mind and body. This is how the sadness bounces back.
So if anyone confesses about his sorrow. Tell him it’s not a problem its a phase to be lived.
The only difference now I see in happiness and sadness is. Happiness is practiced in front of world and sadness is being practiced in loneliness. It’s same as failure hits you in public while success cherish you in private.
The world can’t exist where everyone is in joy, there is no grief, everyone’s mouth is busy in laughing.
I believe in God, if God has given me tears and sadness there may be a reason behind that. There are so many variations in our feelings then why to get stuck in only one.
However if I wanna fulfill my crave of happiness there are so many articles making my ways through it. There are so many people chasing it but, they aren’t as happy as they show.
They do feel dejected at times and if they pretend as if they are always happy don’t believe them. They are as humans as you and I am.
I am blessed to know this fact at this little age. Otherwise, I would have been naive like others and spend my whole life chasing something while missing others.
My life is full of tragedies, tears, smiles, confusion, love, care, talk, silence, peace, chaos. And so much.
With this changed mindset I have build love for every moment. There are swings in my feelings and I love to ride this roller coaster. I hope you all do too.